Data Reconciliation of a Supercritical Coal-Fired Boiler, Flowsheet Example
===========================================================================

This notebook demonstrates data reconciliation with a flowsheet heat
exchanger network, the boiler subflowsheet consist of an economizer,
water wall, primary superheater, platen superheater, finishing
superheater, and reheater. Data for this example was generated by adding
noise to supercritical power plant simulations.

Why reconcile data?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Data reconciliation uses mass and energy balances along with redundant
measurements to improve data quality by:

1. reducing measurement error,
2. ensuring measurements satisfy mass and energy balances, and
3. filling in unmeasured quantities.

Data reconciliation is used to refine process data before parameter
estimation.

1. Read Plant Data
------------------

The first step is to read in process data. In this case, data was
simulated by adding measurement error to supercritical steam cycle
simulation results. IDAES includes functions to read process data,
convert units to match the models, and map data to the model.

.. code:: ipython3

    # IDAES module with functions to read, analyze and visualize plant data
    import idaes.dmf.model_data as da

Process data is contained in two csv files, a data file and a metadata
file. The data file where the first column is row indexes and the first
row is process measurement tags. The index column has an entry for each
data row, and is often a timestamp. The metadata file contains
information about the tags including units of measurement, description,
and model mapping information.

Once the process data is read in, the data is assigned to bins based on
the value in a given column, in this case gross power. Dividing the data
into bins allows rough estimation of measurement uncertainty.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Read in data and column metadata
    df, df_meta = da.read_data("plant_data.csv", "plant_data_meta.csv")
    # Add bin information where the data is sorted into 5 MW bins based on the "GROSS_POWER" column
    bin_count = da.bin_data(df, bin_by="POWER_GROSS", bin_no="bin_no", bin_nom="bin_power", bin_size=5e6)
    # Calculate the standard deviation by bin for each column
    bin_stdev = da.bin_stdev(df, bin_no="bin_no")

It can be useful to visualize the measurement data and estimated
uncertainty. The following creates box and whisker plots for each tag
based on the data bins.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a pdf book of plots that shows box and whisker plots for each column by bin
    import os
    if not os.path.isfile("data_plot_book.pdf"):
        da.data_plot_book(df, file="data_plot_book.pdf", bin_nom="bin_power", xlabel="gross power (W)", metadata=df_meta)
    # There should now be a data_plot_book.pdf file in this directory

2. Boiler Flowsheet Setup
-------------------------

Now that we have the plant data, we need to create the flowsheet model
that we can use for data reconciliation. Although we need a model that
has just mass and energy balances and feasibility constraints for the
data reconciliation problem, we start with the boiler flowsheet model
here. Using the same model for data reconciliation, parameter
estimation, validation, and simulation reduces the work required to move
between steps in the workflow.

Once the full flowsheet model is created, constraints that are not
needed for data reconciliation can be deactivated.

2.1 Case Study:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In a supercritical coal-fired power plant, the boiler sub-system
consists of multiple heat exchangers transferring heat from the
combustion side to the water/steam side. The boiler system for this work
(Figure 1) is based on a 550 MWe supercritical power plant. Note that
water wall and platen superheater are modeled as a heater, while the
rest of the units correspond to the shell and tube heat exchangers. Note
that boiler flowsheet block diagram shows the available measurements
from plant data. \*for demonstration purposes "plant data" has been
trained at different operating loads and with noise.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Import pyomo and idaes libraries
    # import idaes flowsheet object
    from idaes.core import FlowsheetBlock
    # import flue gas property package
    from idaes.power_generation.properties.IdealProp_FlueGas import FlueGasParameterBlock
    # import utility to report degrees of freedom
    from idaes.core.util.model_statistics import degrees_of_freedom
    # import water/steam property package and functions to calculate enthalpy
    from idaes.generic_models.properties import iapws95
    # import unit models from power generation library
    from idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger import (
        BoilerHeatExchanger, 
        TubeArrangement, 
        DeltaTMethod
    )
    import pyomo.environ as pyo
    # import methods to build the flowsheet and deactivate performance constraints
    import boiler_data_rec as flowsheet

2.2 Flowsheet Setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The "boiler\_flowsheet" method imports all the unit models in the boiler
heat exchanger network, builds the flowsheet, builds the flowsheet
connectivity, and initializes the flowsheet.

The final solve corresponds to a simulation case, with the following
inputs (relative to a ~650 MW case): - Econommizer (water): F, h, P -
Reheater Inlet (Cold Reheat steam): F, h, P - Coal flowrate (kg/s) and
stoichiometric ratio (unitless) - Dimensions of all units (tube
diameter, # tubes, hx area, etc.)

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create boiler flowsheet, the main unit models are: 
    # heat exchanger model: economizer, primary super heater, finishing superheater, and reheater
    # heater model: water wall and platen superheater
    
    m = flowsheet.boiler_flowsheet()


.. parsed-literal::

    57072.56349970795
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ECON.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.06e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.62e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       2  0.0000000e+00 6.04e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.20e+01    -  1.00e+00 5.00e-01h  2
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 7.15e-01 0.00e+00  -2.5 3.45e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.07e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 7.15e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.46e-11 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.07e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 6
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5651483528870626e-13    1.4551915228366852e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5651483528870626e-13    1.4551915228366852e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 7
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 7
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 8
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 7
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 6
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.006
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.001
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.41e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.46e-11 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.60e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.4530845502388391e-14    1.4551915228366852e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.4530845502388391e-14    1.4551915228366852e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ECON.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      393
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      627
    
    Total number of variables............................:      113
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      113
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 6.52e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.19e+08 3.96e+03  -1.0 2.39e+08    -  6.25e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 4.70e+05 2.97e+03  -1.0 2.38e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.38e+06 4.23e-01  -1.0 1.05e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 6.02e-03 4.30e-03  -1.0 8.18e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.00e-10 4.29e-05  -1.0 2.44e-01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   8.2144204475467885e-11    2.0008883439004421e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   8.2144204475467885e-11    2.0008883439004421e-10
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 7
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 12
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.015
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:16 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      423
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      651
    
    Total number of variables............................:      118
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      118
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 6.40e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.78e+03 1.41e+01  -1.0 1.42e+08    -  7.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.69e+01 2.78e+00  -1.0 1.08e+07    -  9.56e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.17e-02 1.75e-02  -1.0 4.79e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 3.83e-07 1.22e-06  -1.0 1.46e+03    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   7.8280434786870221e-03    7.8280434786870221e-03
    Constraint violation....:   3.0174851417541504e-07    3.8293364923447371e-07
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   3.0174851417541504e-07    7.8280434786870221e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.011
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.072
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PrSH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 3.70e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 7.26e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 3.84e+03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.12e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 7.26e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.67e-01 0.00e+00  -1.7 1.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.15e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.67e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.15e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.009
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.84e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.80e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PrSH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.95e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.09e+08 2.85e+03  -1.0 5.45e+07    -  3.48e-04 1.00e+00f  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 6.95e-01 9.90e-03  -1.0 5.44e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.55e-01 9.89e-05  -1.0 1.63e+02    -  9.90e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       4  0.0000000e+00 3.66e-02 8.91e-07  -1.0 8.14e+01    -  9.91e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.74e-02 2.61e-02  -1.7 4.07e+01    -  1.00e+00 2.50e-01h  3
       6  0.0000000e+00 2.90e-02 5.10e-19  -3.8 3.05e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00H  1
       7  0.0000000e+00 6.82e-12 2.65e-21  -3.8 9.06e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 7
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.7083568939918231e-12    6.8212102632969618e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.7083568939918231e-12    6.8212102632969618e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 21
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 8
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 21
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 8
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 7
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 7.60e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.81e+04 3.21e+00  -1.0 7.58e+07    -  3.80e-01 5.00e-01h  2
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.91e+04 2.31e+01  -1.0 2.39e+07    -  7.68e-01 5.00e-01h  2
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       3  0.0000000e+00 9.54e+03 6.60e+00  -1.0 6.95e+06    -  9.86e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       4  0.0000000e+00 1.08e+01 2.49e+00  -1.0 2.03e+06    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+00 8.16e-02  -1.0 3.66e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.86e-02 7.11e-03  -1.0 5.65e+04    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       7  0.0000000e+00 3.69e-06 3.03e-06  -1.0 8.22e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       8  0.0000000e+00 3.91e-11 9.31e-12  -2.5 1.63e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 8
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.4551915228366852e-11    3.9108272176235914e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.4551915228366852e-11    3.9108272176235914e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 9
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 9
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 12
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 9
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 8
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.013
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.079
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.FSH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.05e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 8.14e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.97e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 8.14e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.71e-01 0.00e+00  -2.5 1.20e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.67e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.71e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.67e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.003
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:17 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 9.27e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.34e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.FSH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.42e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.25e+08 3.96e+03  -1.0 3.19e+08    -  6.25e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 7.87e+05 2.97e+03  -1.0 3.18e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 8.55e+06 4.23e-01  -1.0 2.77e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 6.11e-01 4.30e-03  -1.0 4.45e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 3.06e-01 4.29e-05  -1.0 9.10e+02    -  9.90e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.53e-01 3.29e-07  -1.0 4.55e+02    -  9.92e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       7  0.0000000e+00 7.64e-02 3.13e-03  -1.7 2.27e+02    -  1.00e+00 5.00e-01h  2
       8  0.0000000e+00 1.12e-01 4.91e-20  -2.5 1.14e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00H  1
       9  0.0000000e+00 3.09e-11 5.12e-21  -2.5 7.02e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 9
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2076735170259287e-11    3.0922819860279560e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2076735170259287e-11    3.0922819860279560e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 19
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 10
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 24
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 10
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 9
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.007
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.001
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.92e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 8.59e+02 1.02e+01  -1.0 1.01e+08    -  6.22e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 7.13e-02 1.70e-01  -1.0 1.46e+06    -  9.88e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 6.19e-08 3.97e-04  -1.0 8.34e+02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 3
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   7.8280437180553511e-03    7.8280437180553511e-03
    Constraint violation....:   2.3690517991781235e-08    6.1922037275508046e-08
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.3690517991781235e-08    7.8280437180553511e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 4
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 4
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 4
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 4
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 3
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.021
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.015
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.RH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.75e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 7.26e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.81e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.12e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 7.26e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.67e-01 0.00e+00  -1.7 1.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.15e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.67e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.15e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.71e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.80e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:18 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.RH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.12e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.92e+08 3.36e+03  -1.0 2.57e+08    -  7.36e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.41e+06 2.52e+03  -1.0 2.57e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.88e+07 4.23e-01  -1.0 6.38e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 4.72e+00 4.29e-03  -1.0 9.82e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 1.25e+00 4.28e-05  -1.0 4.57e+02    -  9.90e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       6  0.0000000e+00 8.43e-01 3.28e-07  -1.0 6.45e+01    -  9.92e-01 1.25e-01h  4
       7  0.0000000e+00 8.27e-01 3.25e-19  -1.7 5.64e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       8  0.0000000e+00 9.09e-12 1.08e-19  -1.7 3.92e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 8
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   3.6111425253224309e-12    9.0949470177292824e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   3.6111425253224309e-12    9.0949470177292824e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 17
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 9
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 22
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 9
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 8
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.018
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.001
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 4.60e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+04 5.19e+01  -1.0 3.13e+08    -  4.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 3.25e+01 8.97e+00  -1.0 2.55e+07    -  9.53e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.43e-02 2.49e-01  -1.0 2.93e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 1.24e-10 2.38e-06  -1.0 1.73e+01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   9.2094812767968253e-03    9.2094812767968253e-03
    Constraint violation....:   1.8032392833287644e-11    1.2369127944111824e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.8032392833287644e-11    9.2094812767968253e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.012
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.038
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Step 1 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        4
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of variables............................:        3
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of equality constraints.................:        3
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: 0  0.0000000e+00 5.50e+01 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: 1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 8.81e-03  -1.0 2.27e+03    -  9.53e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Step 2 optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Step 1 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        4
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of variables............................:        3
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of equality constraints.................:        3
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: 0  0.0000000e+00 7.51e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: 1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 2.10e+00  -1.0 3.10e+04    -  4.46e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Step 2 optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.60e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.64e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.60e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:19 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.64e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.07e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.28e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.07e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.28e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      143
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:       72
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of variables............................:       41
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with lower and upper bounds:       16
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of equality constraints.................:       41
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 0  0.0000000e+00 2.50e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 7.18e-03  -1.0 5.34e+03    -  9.86e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Constraint violation....:   4.2611404953623242e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Overall NLP error.......:   4.2611404953623242e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Spl1: Initialization Step 2 Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state State Released.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.37e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.43e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.37e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.43e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.01e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.14e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.1368683772161603e-13    1.1368683772161603e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.1368683772161603e-13    1.1368683772161603e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Complete.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      102
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:       50
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of variables............................:       37
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with lower and upper bounds:        8
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of equality constraints.................:       37
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 0  0.0000000e+00 1.00e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 1  0.0000000e+00 1.00e+05 1.08e+03  -1.0 4.92e+08    -  3.13e-05 6.41e-04h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 2  0.0000000e+00 9.99e+04 9.89e+03  -1.0 3.15e+08    -  1.11e-05 1.43e-03f  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 3  0.0000000e+00 9.94e+04 1.43e+04  -1.0 9.22e+07    -  5.64e-05 5.63e-03h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 4  0.0000000e+00 2.14e+05 1.27e+04  -1.0 4.03e+07    -  1.40e-04 1.40e-02h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 5  0.0000000e+00 1.17e+06 1.19e+04  -1.0 1.15e+07    -  5.56e-04 5.56e-02h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 6  0.0000000e+00 2.48e+06 1.07e+04  -1.0 5.11e+06    -  1.51e-03 1.36e-01h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 7  0.0000000e+00 1.18e+07 5.22e+03  -1.0 1.51e+06    -  9.70e-03 5.17e-01h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 8  0.0000000e+00 1.22e+07 8.29e+02  -1.0 7.76e+05    -  6.08e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 9  0.0000000e+00 2.18e+04 4.75e+01  -1.0 2.99e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 10  0.0000000e+00 4.23e+01 1.83e-01  -1.0 1.48e+01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 11  0.0000000e+00 1.62e-04 1.72e-06  -1.0 2.88e-02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 12  0.0000000e+00 1.56e-10 1.90e-09  -1.0 1.10e-07    -  9.95e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of Iterations....: 12
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Constraint violation....:   6.2087747449159047e-11    1.5643308870494363e-10
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Overall NLP error.......:   6.2087747449159047e-11    1.5643308870494363e-10
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 13
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 12
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.002
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.mix1: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state State Released.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of variables............................:        5
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of equality constraints.................:        5
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 0  0.0000000e+00 2.49e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 1  0.0000000e+00 2.24e-08 6.74e-01  -1.0 2.49e+07    -  6.76e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 2  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 5.51e-03  -1.0 2.24e-08    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00   0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of Iterations....: 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 3
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 3
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 3
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 3
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 2
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 
    2020-07-21 07:06:20 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ATMP1: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    initialization done
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:     2732
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:     3151
    
    Total number of variables............................:      642
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      128
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      642
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.44e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.77e+03 1.39e+06  -1.0 2.77e+07    -  7.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 3.23e+00 6.16e+04  -1.0 6.67e+05    -  9.70e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.23e-04 2.45e+01  -1.0 1.64e+04    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 7.45e-08 1.65e-06  -1.0 8.46e+00    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 5.91e-10 1.63e-08  -1.0 3.40e-06    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   3.1312476275258287e-02    3.1312476275258287e-02
    Constraint violation....:   8.1478533960276609e-11    5.9117155615240335e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   8.1478533960276609e-11    3.1312476275258287e-02
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.051
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.141
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    
    Problem: 
    - Lower bound: -inf
      Upper bound: inf
      Number of objectives: 1
      Number of constraints: 642
      Number of variables: 642
      Sense: unknown
    Solver: 
    - Status: ok
      Message: Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Optimal Solution Found
      Termination condition: optimal
      Id: 0
      Error rc: 0
      Time: 0.2496805191040039
    Solution: 
    - number of solutions: 0
      number of solutions displayed: 0
    
    degrees of freedom = 0


3. Simplify to Mass and Energy Balances
---------------------------------------

For data reconciliation, the flowsheet model should be reduced to mass
and energy balances and potentially limited performance constraints to
keep the results feasible.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Deactivate constraints for heat transfer (for all heat exchanger units)
    # for example to deactivate heat trasnfer calculation in the economizer we include:
    # m.fs.ECON.overall_heat_transfer_coefficient_eqn.deactivate()
    
    # The method "deactivate_performance_constraints" deactivates the equations for all 
    # heat exchangers in this flowsheet (Economizer, Primary Superheater, 
    #                                    Finishing Superheater, Reheater)
    flowsheet.deactivate_performance_constraints(m)
    
    # Now the model has 12 DoF 
    # deltaP shell and tube, and U - overall heat transfer coefficient in 4 hx models


.. parsed-literal::

    degrees of freedom = 12


4. Map Data to the Model
------------------------

Although the model mapping can be added to the tag metadata file, here
we just add the mapping information to the tag metadata after reading
the data.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Water/Steam Measurements ----------------------------------------------- #
    # Economizer inputs
    df_meta["BFW_F"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta["BFW_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta["BFW_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer outputs
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # Reheater inputs 
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].flow_mol"
    
    # Reheater outputs 
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # primary SH outlet
    df_meta['PlatenSH_IN_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # Platen SH outlet inlet to Finishing SH
    df_meta['FSH_In_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Finishing SH outlet ----------------------------------------------------- #
    # Main Steam 
    df_meta['MS_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].temperature"
    df_meta['MS_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].pressure"
    df_meta['MS_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].flow_mol"
    
    # Flue Gas measurements
    # Finishing inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Reheater inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Primary SH inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer inputs
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer outputs
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- #
    # Other inputs available in the data set (but not used as measurements in this study)
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_F"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_Fm"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_Fm"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add the model references to the tag metadata based on the strings above.
    da.upadate_metadata_model_references(m, df_meta)

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a dictionary of data tags that we want to use for the data reconciliation problem.  
    # The key is the tag and the value is a reference to a quantity in the model.  
    data_tags = {k:v["reference"][0] for k, v in df_meta.items() if v["reference"] is not None}

.. code:: ipython3

    # The output from the data reconciliation step usually gives full stream information
    # for a flowsheet including quantities that are unmeasured. To use the results more easily, 
    # it is good practice to map most of the data reconciliation results to flowsheet stream names.
    import idaes.core.util.tables as ta
    
    stream_dict = ta.arcs_to_stream_dict(
        m, 
        additional={
            'MS': m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state,
            'ATMP_In': m.fs.FSH.side_1.properties_out,
            'FSH_In': m.fs.FSH.side_1.properties_in,
            'PrSH_IN': m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_in,
            'RHT_COLD': m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in,
            'RHT_HOT': m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out,
            'PlatenSH_IN': m.fs.PlSH.control_volume.properties_in,
            'BFW': m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in,
            'ECON_OUT': m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out,
            'FG_2_FSH': m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in,
        },
        sort=True,
    )
    
    state_dict = ta.stream_states_dict(stream_dict, time_point=0)
    recon_tags = ta.tag_state_quantities(
        blocks=state_dict, 
        attributes=(
            "flow_mass", 
            "flow_mol", 
            "enth_mol", 
            "temperature", 
            "pressure", 
            ("flow_component", "O2"),
            ("flow_component", "NO"),
            ("flow_component", "N2"),
            ("flow_component", "SO2"),
            ("flow_component", "CO2"),
            ("flow_component", "H2O"),
        ), 
        labels=("_Fm", "_F", "_h", "_T", "_P", "_F[O2]", "_F[NO]", "_F[N2]", "_F[SO2]", "_F[CO2]", "_F[H2O]"),
    )
    # add additional model variables
    recon_tags["coal_flow"] = m.fs.coal_flow
    recon_tags["stoich_ratio"] = m.fs.SR

5. View Model Flowsheet
-----------------------

Model results or other quantities can be added to a process flow
diagram. The PFD was drawn beforehand and the model results are added to
tagged locations on the PFD.

.. code:: ipython3

    from idaes.core.util.misc import svg_tag  # utility to place numbers/text in an SVG
    
    with open("Boiler_scpc_PFD.svg", "r") as f:
        s = svg_tag(svg=f, tags={"subtitle":"Initialized Model"})
        s = svg_tag(svg=s, tags=data_tags, outfile="boiler_scpc_init.svg")

.. code:: ipython3

    from IPython.display import SVG, display
    
    display(SVG(s))



.. image:: output_20_0.svg


6. Write Objective
------------------

Next we write the objective function and additional constraints for the
data reconciliation problem. The objective is

.. math:: \min \sum_i \left(\frac{x_{\text{data}, i} - x_{\text{model}, i}}{\sigma_i} \right)^2

Where :math:`i \in \{\text{Measured Quantities}\}` and :math:`\sigma_i`
is the standard deviation of measurement i estimated by binning the
data.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add model parameters to contain measured data.  These are mutable so we can set a specific 
    # change to specific data points later.
    m.data = pyo.Param(data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data for a specific point in time.")
    m.data_stdev = pyo.Param(data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data standard deviation.")

.. code:: ipython3

    # The 'set_data' function below takes data from the model DataFrame and updates the
    # model data parameters.
    # fix tags dictionary is used to fix model inputs to their values in the data set (for each data point)
    # in this case Boiler Feed Water = inlet to economizer and Reheater Cold = Reheater inlet
    def set_data(m, df, data_tags, index=None, indexindex=None):
        if index is None:
            index = df.index[indexindex]
        m.bin_no = df.iloc[index]["bin_no"]
        for t in data_tags:
            m.data[t] = df.iloc[index][t]
            m.data_stdev[t] = bin_stdev[m.bin_no][t]

.. code:: ipython3

    # So we have something reasonable to start, set the data attached to the model to the first 
    # data point.
    set_data(m, df, data_tags, indexindex=0)

Add an expression for error divided by the standard deviation, and use
it to write the data reconciliation objective function.

.. code:: ipython3

    m.tags_obj = [
        'BFW_F', 
        'BFW_T', 
        'BFW_P',        
        "RHT_COLD_F", 
        "RHT_COLD_T", 
        "RHT_COLD_P",
        "ECON_OUT_T",
        "ECON_OUT_P",
        "RHT_HOT_T",
        "RHT_HOT_P",
        "MS_T", 
        "MS_P", 
        "FG_2_ECON_P",
        "FG_2_AIRPH_T",
        "FG_2_AIRPH_P",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_T",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_P",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_Fm",
        "FG_2_FSH_P",
        "FG_2_FSH_T",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_T",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_P",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_Fm",
    ]
    
    @m.Expression(data_tags)
    def err(m, i):
        return (m.data[i] - data_tags[i])/m.data_stdev[i]
    
    m.objective = pyo.Objective(expr=sum(m.err[t]**2 for t in m.tags_obj))

7. Solve Optimization
---------------------

Now we need to solve the data reconciliation problem for every data
point. The important results are stored in two DataFrames ``df_result``
which contains results tagged based on model stream names to be used in
the parameter estimation step and ``df_result_cmp`` which contains
reconciled data based on the original measurement tags and can be used
to compare the original measurements to the reconciled results.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add constraints or fix variable bounds to ensure reasonable flowsheet performance (i.e. LMTD, negative pressure drop, etc.).
    # In this case, before solving the data reconciliation problem
    # unfix the coal flowarate, stoichiometric ratio, and split fraction (flue gas to Reheater)
    
    # Surrogate models have been trained using a rigorous boiler fire side model 
    # with fixed wall temperature and variable fuel flowrate and stoichiometric ratio.
    m.fs.coal_flow.unfix()
    m.fs.coal_flow.setub(70.0)
    m.fs.coal_flow.setlb(30.0)
    m.fs.SR.unfix() # stoichiometric ratio 
    m.fs.Spl1.split_fraction[0,'outlet_1'].unfix()
    
    # Surrogate models are used for Flue Gas Exit Temperature, flue gas component molar flowrate,
    # and heat duty to the platen superheater and water wall
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature.unfix()
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure.fix()
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[0].temperature.setub(1800)
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[0].temperature.setlb(1200)
    
    # unfix flowsheet inlets
    m.fs.ECON.side_1_inlet.unfix()
    m.fs.RH.side_1_inlet.unfix()

.. code:: ipython3

    solver = pyo.SolverFactory('ipopt')
    solver.options = {'tol': 1e-6,
                       'halt_on_ampl_error': 'no',
                       'max_iter': 250}

.. code:: ipython3

    import pandas as pd
    # add bin information to reconciliation results so it can be used in parameter estimation
    df_result = pd.DataFrame(columns=list(recon_tags.keys())+["termination", "bin_no", "bin_power"], index=df.index)
    df_result_cmp = pd.DataFrame(columns=list(data_tags.keys())+["termination"], index=df.index)
    
    for i in df.index:
        set_data(m, df, data_tags, index=i)
        try:
            res = solver.solve(m)
            tc = str(res.solver.termination_condition)
        except:
            tc = "fail"
        df_result.iloc[i]["termination"] = tc
        df_result.iloc[i]["bin_no"] = df.iloc[i]["bin_no"]
        df_result.iloc[i]["bin_power"] = df.iloc[i]["bin_power"]
        df_result_cmp.iloc[i]["termination"] = tc
        for t in recon_tags:
            df_result.iloc[i][t] = pyo.value(recon_tags[t])
        for t in data_tags:
            df_result_cmp.iloc[i][t] = pyo.value(data_tags[t])
        print(f"{i} -- {tc}, objective: {pyo.value(m.objective)}")


.. parsed-literal::

    0 -- optimal, objective: 2.7750812519811103
    1 -- optimal, objective: 10.131015154079112
    2 -- optimal, objective: 3.279065137685123
    3 -- optimal, objective: 6.343269232753088
    4 -- optimal, objective: 7.24906775247745
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    5 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.04221315372048
    6 -- optimal, objective: 1.6713098495444076
    7 -- optimal, objective: 4.114481274066781
    8 -- optimal, objective: 3.5215315379740204
    9 -- optimal, objective: 5.549160910796822
    10 -- optimal, objective: 3.6665410153061404
    11 -- optimal, objective: 4.953082754081193
    12 -- optimal, objective: 8.653229931574801
    13 -- optimal, objective: 5.299501376165746
    14 -- optimal, objective: 0.8936382923990731
    15 -- optimal, objective: 6.897728164906023
    16 -- optimal, objective: 4.200648648778063
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    17 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.550119144733011
    18 -- optimal, objective: 1.8783457832467176
    19 -- optimal, objective: 3.154282786380561
    20 -- optimal, objective: 7.565105193214755
    21 -- optimal, objective: 2.669754312716313
    22 -- optimal, objective: 3.1338483964547286
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    23 -- maxIterations, objective: 16.11856407273697
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    24 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.4980522263427507
    25 -- optimal, objective: 4.471177420343918
    26 -- optimal, objective: 7.894527837978858
    27 -- optimal, objective: 3.178570993886834
    28 -- optimal, objective: 3.4129674886535204
    29 -- optimal, objective: 1.0524261811758122
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    30 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.992757080364181
    31 -- optimal, objective: 11.043308273568876
    32 -- optimal, objective: 6.803909276407964
    33 -- optimal, objective: 6.45638154452437
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    34 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.1164010880741047
    35 -- optimal, objective: 6.344425605354815
    36 -- optimal, objective: 4.922952295484387
    37 -- optimal, objective: 10.306054712626135
    38 -- optimal, objective: 4.8732389149388124
    39 -- optimal, objective: 7.540712802572537
    40 -- optimal, objective: 4.427537650179674
    41 -- optimal, objective: 4.6360571977254725
    42 -- optimal, objective: 9.176289551249434
    43 -- optimal, objective: 0.848659964948825
    44 -- optimal, objective: 12.313700953807436
    45 -- optimal, objective: 8.098459231848201
    46 -- optimal, objective: 5.467897325546636
    47 -- optimal, objective: 8.005766650467224
    48 -- optimal, objective: 6.685750499738212
    49 -- optimal, objective: 3.5276273704630383
    50 -- optimal, objective: 1.9169511347340233
    51 -- optimal, objective: 2.6811314746005963
    52 -- optimal, objective: 6.832258054192271
    53 -- optimal, objective: 5.997874607982773
    54 -- optimal, objective: 6.278923923371877
    55 -- optimal, objective: 9.059182889676196
    56 -- optimal, objective: 4.5836848299101245
    57 -- optimal, objective: 2.6745676477163243
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    58 -- maxIterations, objective: 11.002509468895651
    59 -- optimal, objective: 3.2253937510908597
    60 -- optimal, objective: 8.511288672931633
    61 -- optimal, objective: 3.7923157337510265
    62 -- optimal, objective: 4.727558433355577
    63 -- optimal, objective: 5.236129528032108
    64 -- optimal, objective: 3.9666790377668075
    65 -- optimal, objective: 8.911883528446035
    66 -- optimal, objective: 7.484291736859681
    67 -- optimal, objective: 3.9287125129465936
    68 -- optimal, objective: 3.9165453354996007
    69 -- optimal, objective: 3.9098576179085143
    70 -- optimal, objective: 3.2313226476979864
    71 -- optimal, objective: 7.450407497268838
    72 -- optimal, objective: 2.9184618566743796
    73 -- optimal, objective: 3.9587953252920496
    74 -- optimal, objective: 4.797001176950692
    75 -- optimal, objective: 8.885676857597225
    76 -- optimal, objective: 3.7505341256815807
    77 -- optimal, objective: 10.559063510146881
    78 -- optimal, objective: 5.115742653064936
    79 -- optimal, objective: 12.879219337952957
    80 -- optimal, objective: 1.0258089987176928
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    81 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.584502757428154
    82 -- optimal, objective: 0.9853592724709211
    83 -- optimal, objective: 4.442524672939928
    84 -- optimal, objective: 5.650441577054826
    85 -- optimal, objective: 2.2614295253751893
    86 -- optimal, objective: 4.746285003733055
    87 -- optimal, objective: 6.529646000557183
    88 -- optimal, objective: 5.3948235605438635
    89 -- optimal, objective: 4.488330282590781
    90 -- optimal, objective: 3.733916997524169
    91 -- optimal, objective: 8.750442894202948
    92 -- optimal, objective: 3.317289830821859
    93 -- optimal, objective: 9.351010361745558
    94 -- optimal, objective: 5.209787079692431
    95 -- optimal, objective: 2.774439204150671
    96 -- optimal, objective: 9.129521663375815
    97 -- optimal, objective: 9.655791729195974
    98 -- optimal, objective: 2.707785763171167
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    99 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.3869441018829125
    100 -- optimal, objective: 5.6722653102258365
    101 -- optimal, objective: 1.1522129964525558
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    102 -- maxIterations, objective: 0.4273696596228284
    103 -- optimal, objective: 8.692079536790782
    104 -- optimal, objective: 5.989037353272757
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    105 -- maxIterations, objective: 7.9253180609104925
    106 -- optimal, objective: 11.752050452648163
    107 -- optimal, objective: 4.633947275832569
    108 -- optimal, objective: 6.775598716856844
    109 -- optimal, objective: 1.953633488633154
    110 -- optimal, objective: 6.75576969030627
    111 -- optimal, objective: 11.895582374786411
    112 -- optimal, objective: 4.0507857083647645
    113 -- optimal, objective: 7.363659530384766
    114 -- optimal, objective: 6.043581949261815
    115 -- optimal, objective: 3.618852590922232
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    116 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.468007509387686
    117 -- optimal, objective: 6.749596981252192
    118 -- optimal, objective: 3.169200912532021
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    119 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.7784537897654618
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    120 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.6003746065863282
    121 -- optimal, objective: 1.991392822077081
    122 -- optimal, objective: 7.24705834036939
    123 -- optimal, objective: 6.044438320964983
    124 -- optimal, objective: 7.499945526242443
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    125 -- maxIterations, objective: 8.48409494196498
    126 -- optimal, objective: 5.383232976876496
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    127 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.8828584770256898
    128 -- optimal, objective: 2.700577772961562
    129 -- optimal, objective: 2.5184128774131027
    130 -- optimal, objective: 4.801277505172096
    131 -- optimal, objective: 11.062857177287801
    132 -- optimal, objective: 5.698987739764984
    133 -- optimal, objective: 9.165462885659897
    134 -- optimal, objective: 5.69231152138343
    135 -- optimal, objective: 6.930401310593384
    136 -- optimal, objective: 2.0308909624751457
    137 -- optimal, objective: 9.955440886384949
    138 -- optimal, objective: 2.234594464759869
    139 -- optimal, objective: 9.774055419876861
    140 -- optimal, objective: 0.5556672869825667
    141 -- optimal, objective: 2.873805821712598
    142 -- optimal, objective: 3.0313855133355525
    143 -- optimal, objective: 7.841876451755762
    144 -- optimal, objective: 11.989408784106685
    145 -- optimal, objective: 4.206709703999828
    146 -- optimal, objective: 4.83821208221339
    147 -- optimal, objective: 7.0391349488721
    148 -- optimal, objective: 7.289295966734602
    149 -- optimal, objective: 6.498069661822834
    150 -- optimal, objective: 6.303084722756109
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    151 -- maxIterations, objective: 10.431890567569814
    152 -- optimal, objective: 1.673745882247942
    153 -- optimal, objective: 1.9161581263069922
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    154 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.577522131542989
    155 -- optimal, objective: 10.907536357900751
    156 -- optimal, objective: 6.519728045039985
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    157 -- maxIterations, objective: 8.278226279699227
    158 -- optimal, objective: 3.250862793026579
    159 -- optimal, objective: 4.993845278861197
    160 -- optimal, objective: 8.1109833846196
    161 -- optimal, objective: 2.7634005630571186
    162 -- optimal, objective: 2.972173678878723
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    163 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.216341898815718
    164 -- optimal, objective: 7.963065606448799
    165 -- optimal, objective: 7.697839021236297
    166 -- optimal, objective: 4.334290244983884
    167 -- optimal, objective: 8.492619261617625
    168 -- optimal, objective: 5.430775508584046
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    169 -- maxIterations, objective: 1.8875511809816798
    170 -- optimal, objective: 2.913655226675165
    171 -- optimal, objective: 7.379585929934398
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    172 -- maxIterations, objective: 14.929212695602244
    173 -- optimal, objective: 4.0493887955247745
    174 -- optimal, objective: 3.786648559038471
    175 -- optimal, objective: 5.625475095635431
    176 -- optimal, objective: 8.21993979064674
    177 -- optimal, objective: 8.792054186741474
    178 -- optimal, objective: 1.1375079857876254
    179 -- optimal, objective: 5.644969462649225
    180 -- optimal, objective: 4.0201801265743855
    181 -- optimal, objective: 4.089574003457273
    182 -- optimal, objective: 3.758303892538061
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    183 -- maxIterations, objective: 16.390836463322255
    184 -- optimal, objective: 7.489526796695458
    185 -- optimal, objective: 2.289334992715574
    186 -- optimal, objective: 2.117404138079969
    187 -- optimal, objective: 5.369846747661914
    188 -- optimal, objective: 8.098272210970137
    189 -- optimal, objective: 3.977288405493532
    190 -- optimal, objective: 4.631123894380309
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    191 -- maxIterations, objective: 10.310572296978682
    192 -- optimal, objective: 6.981699022338377
    193 -- optimal, objective: 10.469635229099268
    194 -- optimal, objective: 13.229100675415722
    195 -- optimal, objective: 2.8262348032734574
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    196 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.8813210830234306
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    197 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.851049529208098
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    198 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.592706663793452
    199 -- optimal, objective: 4.897141630763239
    200 -- optimal, objective: 2.648473643442729
    201 -- optimal, objective: 4.603175972781425
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    202 -- maxIterations, objective: 1.7773054400092454
    203 -- optimal, objective: 4.065211944066472
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    204 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.114217716406815
    205 -- optimal, objective: 2.293148399593665
    206 -- optimal, objective: 4.826361494294878
    207 -- optimal, objective: 8.563225132071052
    208 -- optimal, objective: 7.3693016423095
    209 -- optimal, objective: 2.262234723043022
    210 -- optimal, objective: 11.159910231023375
    211 -- optimal, objective: 6.508616715124852
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    212 -- maxIterations, objective: 1.108687774391618
    213 -- optimal, objective: 3.7258933639461813
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    214 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.155676281047591
    215 -- optimal, objective: 6.90649417057345
    216 -- optimal, objective: 4.715797745197747
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    217 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.402515256994608
    218 -- optimal, objective: 5.728540309444306
    219 -- optimal, objective: 10.847580457188291
    220 -- optimal, objective: 6.349470436475905
    221 -- optimal, objective: 2.5685764535496305
    222 -- optimal, objective: 3.834347278782885
    223 -- optimal, objective: 4.2318157177820925
    224 -- optimal, objective: 4.470136081285336
    225 -- optimal, objective: 1.238997127342823
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    226 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.378215704613417
    227 -- optimal, objective: 6.0580892207485615
    228 -- optimal, objective: 9.228687052448944
    229 -- optimal, objective: 8.420290658575398
    230 -- optimal, objective: 4.219724893588083
    231 -- optimal, objective: 5.662586186918442
    232 -- optimal, objective: 7.287430396111801
    233 -- optimal, objective: 1.1461425668546883
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    234 -- maxIterations, objective: 8.136389053540308
    235 -- optimal, objective: 4.811838944726173
    236 -- optimal, objective: 6.163795847736174
    237 -- optimal, objective: 11.575294693349191
    238 -- optimal, objective: 3.5993439733515684
    239 -- optimal, objective: 3.715682356646032
    240 -- optimal, objective: 10.942381920167646
    241 -- optimal, objective: 2.5119199230195166
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    242 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.495815444114636
    243 -- optimal, objective: 4.824868886030875
    244 -- optimal, objective: 9.58449954844882
    245 -- optimal, objective: 8.615749763877307
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    246 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.395783330501181
    247 -- optimal, objective: 3.599735320171992
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    248 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.592911922853187
    249 -- optimal, objective: 10.138714434404385


.. code:: ipython3

    # Save the reconciled data to be used for parameter estimation
    df_result.to_csv("boiler_plant_recon.csv")

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a new plot book to compare the original data to the reconciled data.
    try:
        da.data_rec_plot_book(
            file="boiler_data_rec_plot_book.pdf",
            df_data=df, 
            df_rec=df_result_cmp,
            bin_nom="bin_power", 
            xlabel="gross power (W)", 
            metadata=df_meta
        )
    except:
        print("Plotting failed")


.. parsed-literal::

    Plotting data requires the 'seaborn' and 'PyPDF2' packages. Install the required packages before using the data_book() function. Plot terminated.


.. code:: ipython3

    # assert algorithm works fine
    assert df_result.iloc[1]["termination"] == "optimal"

